Updating the broken Links (#5552)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/product-upgrades/manual-upgrades/README.md

## [How to upgrade Umbraco Forms manually](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-forms/installation/manualupgrade)

> There are no Umbraco Cloud-related files to be aware of when upgrading Umbraco Forms. Therefore you can follow the general Umbraco Forms upgrade notes. Be sure to take a look at the [version-specific upgrade notes](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cloud/product-upgrades/version-specific-upgrades), as there might be extra steps you need to take depending on the version you are upgrading from and to.

Reviewer: it is forms upgrade notes, not Umbraco cloud upgrade notes that are needed here. Resolving [styleguide](https://docs.umbraco.com/welcome/contribute/style-guide#long-sentences) to have less than 25 words as well:
```suggestion
There are no Umbraco Cloud-related files to be aware of when upgrading Umbraco Forms. Therefore you can follow the general Umbraco Forms upgrade notes. When upgrading Umbraco Forms, be sure to also consult the [version specific upgrade notes](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-forms/installation/version-specific) to learn about potential breaking changes and common pitfalls.
```
